When I was a boy, I knew I was different. The other kids would be out at recess playing tag or football, and I would sit on the concrete, 
daydreaming about one thing and one thing only. Choo-choo trains. They were my life. Even before seeing them in person, I obsessed about them 
for every moment of every waking hour, and then vast train fantasies captured me as I slept. My peers would talk to girls and form 
relationships, but I didn't care about relationships. I focused only on the choo-choo trains. 
My whole life revolved around them, but only one moment sticks out to me as I lay on my deathbed.

I am taken back to when I was in my 50s. I always took the train to work. My wife insisted that we buy a car, and that I would save hours on 
the commute each week, but I did not listen. Nothing could keep me from the trains, until one day I saw it, the most beautiful piece of machinery 
and innovation I had ever laid my eyes on. My job required that I travel across the country for business, I had pleaded, "please, please let me take the train!".
But my boss would not have any of it. "You're flying and that's that", he decreed. I begrudingly dragged myself to the airport that fateful morning,
anticipating nothing but disdain for these so called "airplanes", but then I heard a sound that could only be described as a wall of thunder, and that's when I saw it. 

It was a jet. One of the fastest pieces of machinery made in this world. The speed was amazing and the sound could make every single head turn. 
I immediatly became fascinated by this piece of machinery. I had never been this fascinated with anything besides trains, but this seemed revolutionary. 
It was incredible and I immediatly began researching these amazing machinery. I decided this was the way I would now be traveling. If I was not going to 
be allowed to use a train it would be a jet. I negotiated with my boss the next week and he agreed to allow me to fly in his private jet to any meetings. 
It was amazing, but I wanted faster and larger. From that point on in my life I would slowly achieve my goals and fly on a new jet nearly every other year. 
Never could I have ever believed I would become so fascinated with something besides jets. 

